finally here we go good evening here oh
you have 500 only six possible
elimination
hahaha I can keep that - yeah come to me
some ladies only retreat what next
mission will call you all right
it's not a hug depend just grab the top
we're all right there yet
alright kid good luck out there
hey Peter you going tonight I can't
tonight I got the start internship
what's up guys
forgive my report for tonight I stopped
the grandstand flight to go hey could
you do me a favor hold on today
there's anybody by I helped this little
lady and she bought me a churro
so how was nice I just feel like I could
be doing more wait a minute you guys on
the real event just hope gives it away
you move I'm working on my bed
he's welcome to crazy dangerous missin
tater they're people who handled the
sort of thing can't you just be a
friendly neighborhood spider-man
activating parachute
the world's changing boys time we change
to I can't prove myself will you Spanish
Queen you got to get better at this part
of the job oh I'm intimidated
where you going what are you hiding
Peter I'm just getting out here bye
there's a ton of other social systems in
here but we're all disabled by the
training wheels protocols because mister
start treating me like a kid but you are
a kid yeah you can stop a boss with his
bare hands
you